R -24 -
RESOLUTION NO. /0 767
A RESOLUTION WAIVING FORMAL BIDDING REQUIREMENTS AND
AUTHORIZING PAYMENT TO FUSUS, A SOLE SOURCE VENDOR, FOR
THE PURCHASE OF SOFTWARE FOR THE NORTH LITTLE ROCK
POLICE DEPARTMENT; AUTHORIZING THE MAYOR AND CITY
CLERK TO ENTER INTO A MULTI -YEAR AGREEMENT FOR THE
PURCHASE; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES.
WHEREAS, Ark. Code Ann. § 14-58-303 requires City purchases exceeding the amount
of $35,000 to follow statutory procedures of local advertisement and opening of sealed bids which
may only be waived in exceptional situations where bidding is deemed not feasible or practical;
and
WHEREAS, Fusus, 5550 Triangle Parkway, Ste 100, Peachtree Corners, Georgia 30092,
is the sole source distributor of Real -Time Crime Center, a video and data collaboration platform
intended to expedite intelligence gathering and improve emergency response time and criminal
investigations; and
WHEREAS, the City of Little Rock uses Fusus, and in order to share information and
collaborate in crime investigation and prevention, the NLRPD must use the platform as well; and
WHEREAS, the North Little Rock Police Department (NLRPD) wishes to enter into a
Service Agreement with Fusus for the total cost of Four Hundred Fifty Thousand and 00/100
Dollars ($450,000.00) to be paid over thirty six (36) months (see Service Agreement Proposal
attached hereto as Exhibit A).
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE CITY COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF
NORTH LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS:
SECTION 1: That formal bidding is hereby waived in connection with the purchase of
Real -Time Crime Center from Fusus for a total amount of Four Hundred Fifty Thousand and
00/100 Dollars ($450,000.00).
SECTION 2: That the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to enter into an
agreement with Fusus (substantially similar to Exhibit A) and make payments to the total cost over
the course of thirty six (36) months.
SECTION 3: That the cost of the platform shall be included in the yearly IT Department
Budget.
SECTION 4: That the provisions of this Resolution are hereby declared to be severable,
and if any section, phrase or provision shall be declared or held invalid, such invalidity shall not
affect the remainder of the sections, phrases or provisions.
1
SECTION 5: That this Resolution shall be in full force and effect from and after its passage
and approval.
PASSED:
SPONSOR:
Mayor Terry} Hartwick
APPROVED AS TO FORM:
Amy ields, City Attorney
PREPARED BY THE OFFICE OF THE CITY ATTORNEY/kt
APPROV D: Te
Mayor
ATTEST.
e "az 71,-;
C. Hartwick
E
Diane Whitbey, City Clerk
2
FILED /6 Vi A.M. P.M.
By ! {y 41 -7 -
DATE r4/)%-. "
Diane Whitbey, City Clerk and Collector
North Little Rock, Arkansas
RECEIVED BY
Chief Patrick Thessing
North Little Rock Police Department
1 Justice Center Drive
North Little Rock, AR 72114
Subject: Service Agreement Proposal
Dear Chief Thessing,
January 4, 2024
Fusus is honored that the North Little Rock Police Department is considering our organization to
support its community safety initiatives by providing a plafform to view public and community video
sources for incident situational awareness and investigations.
Fusus will provide a video and data collaboration platform to expedite intelligence gathering and
efficiency of response to situations as they unfold throughout the community. Further, the plafform is
tied to a community -facing website portal for video camera registry, providing a tool for identifying the
location of cameras in proximity to incidents, as well as a means for efficient outreach to collect
recorded video and image files from camera owners both public and private.
This Service Agreement Proposal and related software subscription will become effective upon signing
and continue for thirty-six (36) months.
1. Initial Scope of Work: The following fusus Enterprise Package software and associated
hardware will be delivered and installed as part of this agreement.
a. fususONETM: Initial setup, access and training of users to include up to 1,500 data
points and 1,500 public/private video feeds
b. fususCORETM: Installation and setup of:
i. Twenty (20) fususCORE Pro TM Appliances
ii. Four (4) fususCORE Elite AI TM Appliances
iii. Two (2) fususCORE Pro AITM Appliances
iv. Two (2) fususCORE Elite TM Appliances
c. fususREGISTRYTM: Creation of a custom website portal for community members to
register privately owned cameras
d. fususVAULTTM: Implementation of a CJIS compliant evidence vault for the storage of up
to 10TB of videos and still images captured via the fususONETM platform
e. fususOPSTM: Implementation of the Fusus smart -phone app which provides viewing of
live camera feeds and setting up and transmitting the location of teams for special
events and critical incident management
f. fususTIPSTM: Implementation of the Fusus SMS service that provides text
communications of pictures, audio and video directly into fususVaultTM
g. fususNOTIFYTM: Implementation of the Fusus SMS text service that provides text
notifications to community members
h. fususAlertTM: Implementation of the Fusus iOS/Android application which provides panic
alerting to fususONETM along with geolocation of persons in distress and automatic
docking of nearby camera assets in the fususONETM platform
i. fususANALYTICSTM: Implementation of the Fusus crime and incident heat mapping and
analysis plafform
www.fusus.com
5550 Triangle Parkway, Ste 100, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 (844) 226-9226
j. fususCcDNNECT Call -Cut: Three (3) months_fusus callj-out to businesses within the
jurisdiction to assist with, camera regist a it on and integration
k. fususCDNNECT Microsite: Development of an/agency, specific website landing page to
assist w,ith`building camera registration and -Integration ]of'comrt unity video assets
I. fusustNCIDENTTM: Implementation of the Fusus -Situational Awareness system for bi-
directional telestration, icon marking, floorplan room clearing, planning, and resource
staging from Emergency Operation Center workstations and mobile field -based users on
laptops and iOS/Android mobile devices
m. fususLIVELINKTM: Provision of FOsus live link system which allows 911 callers to initiate
a camera stream in the event of an emergency to the Department, along with a one -to -
many methodology for secure and encrypted responder -group sharing during an
emergency
n. fususOVERWATCH: Allows users the ability to track vehicles and people from one
camera to another
o. Remote Configuration of fir -sus Core(s)
p. Integration of all current and future video feeds
q. Integration of Computer Aided Dispatch, AVL, drone feeds, covert cameras, and license
plate readers as required
Note: fususTM will provide continuing data and loT integrations at no additional charge for
the life of the agreement
2. Payment and Subscription Terms:
a. Payment 1: Due Upon Contract Signing
b. Payment 2: Due Three months after signing
c. Payment 3: Due Upon 1st Anniversary of Contract Signing
d. Payment 4: Due Three months after 1st Anniversary of Contract
e. Payment 5: Due Upon 2nd Anniversary of Contract
f. Payment 6: Due Three Months after 2nd Anniversary of Contract
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
Invoices for payments 2,3,4,5 and 6 will be sent 60 days prior to their respective due dates.
Note: Additional fususCORETM appliances and camera streams may be purchased for the
following per unit price schedule.
a. CORE Lite: $200/each
b. CORE Lite Extended: $300/each
c. CORE Pro: $600/each
d. CORE Pro Extended: $1,000/each
e. CORE Elite: $4,000/each
f. CORE Elite Al: $5,000/each
g. Additional 500 Streams: $25,000 per year
3. Bill of Materials Included with the Service: As part of the annual subscription price, each system
will include the following:
a. fususONETM SaaS
b. Unlimited video alerts, access, and video download
c. fususCORETM warranty and technical support for the life of the agreement
www.fusus.cr
5550 Triangle Parkway, Ste 100, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 (844) 226-9226
d. Unlimite fususOPS Application for Android and SOS De,_ ices
Subscription to fC:susONETM includes all the faifowing:
a. Unlimited Users for Your Agency to fususONETM — Real -Time Crime Center in the Cloud
b. Unlimited Access for Your Agency to the fususONETM Dashboard
c. Floorplan Integration for designated locations in fususONETM
d. Ongoing Integration Services with the CAD System
e. Installation and Technical Phone Support
f. Provide a Full Solution Warranty for the Life of the Agreement
g. Live U.S.-Based Phone Technical Support for the Life of the Agreement
4 Technical Recruirements:
a. Camera live -sharing compatibility will be assessed for each location before CORE
delivery.
b. The customer will designate a primary POC for the deployment of the fususTM solution.
c. Minimum network speed of .5 mb/s per viewed camera for live video sharing through the
system.
5. Terms and Conditions:
The use of and access to fususTM products and services is subject to the fususTM Terms of
Service found at httzs://www.fusus.com/fusus-terms-of-service.
The Termination for Convenience Clause Asserts that the customer may, at its sole discretion,
terminate the agreement with 30 days of written notice to Fusus. Services will be reimbursed on
a pro -rated basis from the last day of the term through the agreement's remainder. The cost of
any unreturned or unserviceable fOsusCORE(s), as listed above in Section 2, will be deducted
from the refund.
We are privileged to work with you on this project. Should you have any questions at any time, please
feel free to call (603) 493-0699 or email me at ctc@fusus.com.
Respectfully,
CA,/^t CApA.YLU-
Carlo Capano
Vice President of Sales
Approved (Signature):
By (Print Name/Title): Date
www.fusus.com
5550 Triangle Parkway, Ste 100, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 (844) 226-9226
n
4 J
c
fusus
. ♦76,1
North Little Rock Police Department
North Little Rock Police Department
300 Main Street
North Little Rock, AR 72114
John Barber
Chief Information Technology Officer
jbarber@nlr.ar.gov
+15019066446
Pat Thessing
Chief
pat.thessing@nIrpolice.org
501-771-7102
Reference: 20230913-161944337
Quote created: September 13, 2023
Quote expires: March 29, 2024
Quote created by: Jim Price
Public Safety Advisor
jp@fusus.com
Products & Services
Item & Description
SKU
Quantity
Unit Price Total
Enterprise Package SaaS
loud Stor��:c
Core Elite Al Appliance
FUSE -E-
1-1001
CORE -
AI -2001
Core Elite Appliance CORE -
EL -2001
$150,000.00
/ year
4 $5,000.00
$150,000.00 /year
or
$0.00
2 $4,000.00 $0.00
Item & Description SKU Quantity Unit Price Total
Core Pro Al Appliance
Core Pro Appliance
CORE- 2 $2,000.00
PAI-2001
$0.00
$4,000.00
disccunt
CORE -P- 20 $600.00 $0.00
2001 af« r 12 000.00
cisc.runt
Tota I $150,000.00
Purchase terms
Questions? Contact me!
Jim Price
Public Safety Advisor
j p©fusus.com
Fusus, Inc.
5550 Triangle Parkway
Peachtree Corners, Georgia 30092
United States of America
January 4, 2024
Chief Patrick Thessing
North Little Rock Police Department
1 Justice Center Drive
North Little Rock, AR 72114
Subject: Service Agreement Proposal
Dear Chief Thessing,
Fusus is honored that the North Little Rock Police Department is considering our organization to
support its community safety initiatives by providing a platform to view public and community video
sources for incident situational awareness and investigations.
Fusus will provide a video and data collaboration platform to expedite intelligence gathering and
efficiency of response to situations as they unfold throughout the community. Further, the platform is
tied to a community -facing website portal for video camera registry, providing a tool for identifying the
location of cameras in proximity to incidents, as well as a means for efficient outreach to collect
recorded video and image files from camera owners both public and private.
This Service Agreement Proposal and related software subscription will become effective upon signing
and continue for thirty-six (36) months.
1 Initial Scope of Work: The following fusus Enterprise Package software and associated
hardware will be delivered and installed as part of this agreement.
a. fususONETM: Initial setup, access and training of users to include up to 1,500 data
points and 1,500 public/private video feeds
b. fususCORETM: Installation and setup of:
i. Twenty (20) fususCORE Pro TM Appliances
ii. Four (4) fususCORE Elite AITM Appliances
iii. Two (2) fususCORE Pro AI TM Appliances
iv. Two (2) fususCORE Elite TM Appliances
c. fususREGISTRYTM: Creation of a custom website portal for community members to
register privately owned cameras
d. fususVAULTTM: Implementation of a CJIS compliant evidence vault for the storage of up
to 10TB of videos and still images captured via the fususONETM platform
e. fususOPSTM: Implementation of the Fusus smart -phone app which provides viewing of
live camera feeds and setting up and transmitting the location of teams for special
events and critical incident management
f. fususTIPSTM: Implementation of the Fusus SMS service that provides text
communications of pictures, audio and video directly into fususVaultTM
g. fususNOTIFYTM: Implementation of the Fusus SMS text service that provides text
notifications to community members
h. fususAlertTM: Implementation of the Fusus iOS/Android application which provides panic
alerting to fususONETM along with geolocation of persons in distress and automatic
docking of nearby camera assets in the fususONETM platform
i. fususANALYTICSTM: Implementation of the Fusus crime and incident heat mapping and
analysis platform
5550 Triangle Parkway, Ste 100, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 (844) 226-9226
j. fususCONNECT Call -Out: Three (3) months fusus call -out to businesses within the
jurisdiction to assist with camera registration and integration
k. fususCONNECT Microsite: Development of an agency specific website landing page to
assist with building camera registration and integration of community video assets
I. fususlNCIDENTTM: Implementation of the Fusus Situational Awareness system for bi-
directional telestration, icon marking, floorplan room clearing, planning, and resource
staging from Emergency Operation Center workstations and mobile field -based users on
laptops and iOS/Android mobile devices
m. fususLIVELINKTM: Provision of FOsus live link system which allows 911 callers to initiate
a camera stream in the event of an emergency to the Department, along with a one -to -
many methodology for secure and encrypted responder -group sharing during an
emergency
n. fususOVERWATCH: Allows users the ability to track vehicles and people from one
camera to another
o. Remote Configuration of fusus Core(s)
p. Integration of all current and future video feeds
q. Integration of Computer Aided Dispatch, AVL, drone feeds, covert cameras, and license
plate readers as required
Note: fususTM will provide continuing data and loT integrations at no additional charge for
the life of the agreement
2. Payment and Subscription Terms:
a. Payment 1: Due Upon Contract Signing
b. Payment 2: Due Three months after signing
c. Payment 3: Due Upon 1st Anniversary of Contract Signing
d. Payment 4: Due Three months after 1st Anniversary of Contract
e. Payment 5: Due Upon 2nd Anniversary of Contract
f. Payment 6: Due Three Months after 2nd Anniversary of Contract
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
$ 75,000
Invoices for payments 2,3,4,5 and 6 will be sent 60 days prior to their respective due dates.
Note: Additional fususCORETM appliances and camera streams may be purchased for the
following per unit price schedule.
a. CORE Lite: $200/each
b. CORE Lite Extended: $300/each
c. CORE Pro: $600/each
d. CORE Pro Extended: $1,000/each
e. CORE Elite: $4,000/each
f. CORE Elite Al: $5,000/each
g. Additional 500 Streams: $25,000 per year
3. Bill of Materials Included with the Service: As part of the annual subscription price, each system
will include the following:
a. fususONETM SaaS
b. Unlimited video alerts, access, and video download
c. fususCORETM warranty and technical support for the life of the agreement
5550 Triangle Parkway, Ste 100, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 (844) 226-9226
d. Unlimited fususOPS Application for Android and iOS Devices
Subscription to fususONETM includes all the following:
a. Unlimited Users for Your Agency to fususONETM — Real -Time Crime Center in the Cloud
b. Unlimited Access for Your Agency to the fususONETM Dashboard
c. Floorplan Integration for designated locations in fususONETM
d. Ongoing Integration Services with the CAD System
e. Installation and Technical Phone Support
f. Provide a Full Solution Warranty for the Life of the Agreement
g. Live U.S.-Based Phone Technical Support for the Life of the Agreement
4. Technical Requirements:
a. Camera live -sharing compatibility will be assessed for each location before CORE
delivery.
b. The customer will designate a primary POC for the deployment of the fusus TM solution.
c. Minimum network speed of .5 mb/s per viewed camera for live video sharing through the
system.
5. Terms and Conditions:
The use of and access to fususTM products and services is subject to the fususTM Terms of
Service found at https://www.fusus.com/fusus-terms-of-service.
The Termination for Convenience Clause Asserts that the customer may, at its sole discretion,
terminate the agreement with 30 days of written notice to FOsus. Services will be reimbursed on
a pro -rated basis from the last day of the term through the agreement's remainder. The cost of
any unreturned or unserviceable fususCORE(s), as listed above in Section 2, will be deducted
from the refund.
We are privileged to work with you on this project. Should you have any questions at any time, please
feel free to call (603) 493-0699 or email me at ctc@fusus.com.
Respectfully,
Carte- Caitsw
Carlo Capano
Vice President of Sales
Approved (Signature):
By (Print Name/Title): f /IT C_ A4ALA.,I`
Date `f-2
5550 Triangle Parkway, Ste 100, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092 (844) 226-9226
Re: FUSUS Service Agreement
ATTEST:
DIANE WIIITBEY, CITY CL
By:
DATE
Approved as to Form:
CITY OF NORTH LITTLE ROCK
Amy Beckman Fields
City Attorney
Deputy City Attorney
3Zifi-‘4 -0,A4A/
Date
(Resolution No. 10715 attached hereto)
Fusus Terms of Service
Updated October 2023
Terms and Conditions Governing a Subscriber's Use of the FOsus Software, and all Fusus Solutions
and Services Provided via the Software, including but not limited to the FOsusONE,
FususREGISTRY, FOsusOPS, FususALERT, FususTIPS, FususNOTIFY, FususCORE,
FususVAULT, FususCONNECT and FususNOTIFY product offerings.
Introduction:
Subscribers to the Terms.
The following Terms of Service Agreement (the "Terms" or the "Agreement") is a binding agreement
between FOsus Inc. ("Fusus") and you, a user of the Fusus Software ("Software") and/or a
Subscriber to the FOsusONE Real Time lnteroperability Solution ("Solution"), as presented in the
accompanying Offer Letter, which You agree to, either as an individual of at least eighteen years of
age, or as an organizational entity, or as an associational
entity, in accordance with your status and existence ("You" or "Subscriber"). These Terms govern
Your use of the Fusus Software, the Solution, and all other solutions, services and networks owned
or controlled by Fusus (all of which are included in the definition of "Content" provided in Section 1
below), which are provided to You via the Software. When You accessed this Software, and/or when
You registered Your account on the Software
("Account") and/or when You clicked the "AGREED" box on the Software login page, You
acknowledged Your understanding of these Terms and Your voluntary consent to be bound by these
Terms.
Individual Subscribers.
If You are an individual, You hereby represent and warrant to Fusus that You are at least eighteen
(18) years of age or and otherwise capable of entering into and performing legal agreements, and
that You agree to be bound by the Terms.
Entity Subscribers.
If You are going to use the Solution on behalf of a public entity, business entity, corporate entity,
organizational entity, or associational entity, You hereby represent to Fusus that You have the
authority to bind that entity to these Terms as the Subscriber, and Your acceptance of these Terms
will be treated as acceptance by that public, business, corporate, organizational, or associational
entity as the Subscriber. In that event, You acknowledge and understand that "You" and "Your" will
refer to that public, business, corporate, organizational, or associational entity as the Subscriber,
which Subscriber is bound to these Terms, along with all officers, directors, employees, contractors,
agents, or volunteers in and under Subscriber's control and/or supervision, who are also bound to
these Terms.
Updates to the Terms.
When using the Software, the Solution, and/or any other solutions and/or services provided by
Fusus via the Software, You will be subject to any updates and revisions to these Terms. Fusus
reserves the right, at FOsus's sole discretion and without prior notice to You, to update, amend,
change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms at any time by posting the updated Terms
("Updates"). Unless otherwise stated in writing by Fusus, all Updates shall be effective immediately
upon posting on the Software, and Your continued use of the FOsus
Software after the posting of any Updates to these Terms constitutes Your binding acceptance of
such changes. You acknowledge and agree that it is Your responsibility to ensure that You are
current and up-to-date in Your understanding of and compliance with these Terms, notwithstanding
whether or not Fusus has posted any notice of Updates to these Terms on the Software, and you
acknowledge, understand, and agree that You must periodically check these Terms for Updates.
Additional posted policies, guidelines or rules applicable to specific services and features, may be
posted from time to time ("Policies"). All such Policies are hereby incorporated by reference into
these Terms. In the case of any inconsistency between these Terms and any other document that
has been incorporated by reference herein, these Terms shall control.
CONTENT.
Content Defined.
The Software contains the Solution and may contain other solutions and products and services, as
well as a variety of materials and other items relating to the Solution and to Fusus's other products
and services, and similar items from our licensors and other third parties, including all layout,
information, text, data, files, images, scripts, designs, graphics, button icons, instructions,
illustrations, photographs, audio clips, music, sounds, pictures, videos, advertising copy, URLs,
technology, software, interactive features, the "look and feel" of the Software and of the Solution,
and the compilation, assembly, and arrangement of the materials of the Software and any and all
copyrightable material (including source and object code), trademarks, logos, trade names, service
marks, company names, and trade identities of various parties, including those owned by Fusus and
those owned by third parties and licensed to Fusus for use on the Software (collectively,
"Trademarks"), and other forms of intellectual property included in the Software, in the Solution,
and/or in any other product or solution or service provided by Fusus. All of the foregoing, including
the Solution and any other solutions, products, and/or services provided by Fusus through the
Software is defined and referred to collectively in these Terms as "Content".
Ownership.
The Software (including any past, present, and future versions) and the Content are owned by Fusus
or controlled by Fusus through licenses granted to FOsus by its licensors. All right, title, and interest
in and to the Content available via the Software is the property of Fusus or of our licensors, and is
protected by U.S. federal copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secrets laws and by other federal
and state intellectual property, and unfair competition laws. In addition to Fusus's copyright
ownership of the Content, Fusus owns a copyright in the selection, compilation, assembly,
arrangement, and enhancement of the Content on the Software. "Intellectual Property Rights," as
used in these Terms, means any and all rights belonging to Fusus and existing under patent law,
copyright law, semiconductor chip protection law, trade secret law, trademark law, unfair competition
law, publicity rights law, privacy rights law, and any and all other proprietary rights, and any and all
applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof, now or hereafter in force and effect
worldwide, in any intellectual property, which includes, but is not limited to, patentable inventions,
ideas, and processes, trade secrets, trademarks, trade names, copyrightable works, and any
confidential information. As between You and Fusus, Fusus retains all its respective titles, interests,
and ownership in the Software and the Content, and You understand and acknowledge that neither
You nor any other Subscriber acquires any ownership in any Intellectual Property Rights regarding
the Software or the Content under these Terms.
Limited License Granted to You.
Subject to Your strict and ongoing compliance with Your Subscription Agreement and with these
Terms, Fusus
grants You a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non -assignable, and non -transferable license to use
the Software and the Solution (the "Limited License"). The foregoing Limited License does not give
You any ownership of, or any other intellectual property interest in, any Content (including, but not
limited to, the Solution), and Fusus reserves the right to suspend or terminate, at any time and for
any reason, Your Limited License without any advance notice to You, and without any liability. This
Agreement and any Additional Terms include only narrow, limited grants of rights to Content and to
use and access the Software. No right or license may be construed, under any legal theory, by
implication, estoppel, industry custom, or otherwise. All rights not expressly granted to You are
reserved by Fusus. Any unauthorized use of any Content or the Software for any purpose is strictly
prohibited.
SUBSCRIBER -GENERATED CONTENT: CONTENT YOU SUBMIT.
Your Ownership of Subscriber -Generated Content.
Fusus may provide a Subscriber the opportunity to post, upload, display, publish, distribute, transmit,
broadcast, or otherwise make available on or submit through the Software (collectively, "submit")
messages, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments, sounds, music, videos,
information, content, ratings, reviews, data, questions, suggestions, personally identifiable
information, or other information or materials created by a Subscriber (collectively, "Subscriber -
Generated Content"). Subject to the rights and license You grant to Fusus under these Terms (see
below), You retain whatever legally cognizable right, title, and interest that You have in Your
Subscriber -Generated Content. You understand and acknowledge that Fusus has no obligation to
monitor or enforce Your intellectual property rights to Your Subscriber -Generated Content.
(hereinafter, "PII").
Fusus's Enforcement Rights in Subscriber -Generated Content.
You grant Fusus the exclusive right to protect and enforce its licensed rights to Your Subscriber -
Generated Content while it is posted on the Software, including the right to bring and control
enforcement actions in Your name and on Your behalf at Fosus's cost and expense.
Your Representations and Warranties and Your Indemnification Obligations for Your Subscriber -
Generated Content.
Each time You submit any Subscriber -Generated Content, You represent and warrant that You are
the sole author and owner of the intellectual property and other rights to the Subscriber- Generated
Content, or You have a lawful right to submit the Subscriber -Generated Content.
REPORTING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT. DMCA Notice for Copyright
Infringement.
Fusus will respond appropriately to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), as set forth below. If You own a copyright in a work (or
represent such a copyright owner) and believe that the copyright in that work has been infringed by
an improper posting of it as part of Subscriber -Generated Content on the Software, then You may
send us a written notice that includes all of the following:
• a subject line that says: "DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice"; and
• a description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed or, if multiple copyrighted
works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; and
• a description of the location of the infringing material on the Software; and
• Your full name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address; and
• a statement by You that You have a good faith belief that use of the allegedly infringing material in
the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner; and
• a statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that all the information in Your notice is
accurate, and that You are the copyright owner (or, if You are not the copyright owner, then Your
statement must indicate that You are authorized to act on the behalf of the owner); and,
•
• Your physical signature or, if sent within an email (rather than in a physical document or a digital
document attached to an email), the characters "//sll" followed by Your full typed name, which will
serve as Your electronic signature.
Fusus may elect to not respond to DMCA Notices that do not substantially comply with all of the
foregoing requirements, and Fusus may elect to remove allegedly infringing material that comes to
its attention via notices that do not substantially comply with the DMCA.
• Mode of Communication.
FOsus will only respond to DMCA Notices that it receives by mail or e-mail at the addresses below:
By Mail:
FOsus
ATTN: DMCA Notice
5550 Triangle Pky, Suite 100, Peachtree Corners, GA 30092
By E -Mail:
We may send the information that You provide in Your DMCA Notice to the person who provided the
allegedly infringing work. That person may elect to send us a DMCA Counter -Notification.
Without limiting Fusus's other rights, Fusus may, in appropriate circumstances, terminate a repeat
infringer's access to the Software and any other Software owned or operated by Fusus.
• DMCA Counter -Notification regarding Copyright Infringement.
If access on the Software to a work that You submitted to Fusus is disabled or the work is removed
as a result of a DMCA Notice, and if You believe that the disabled access or removal is the result of
mistake or misidentification, then You may send us a DMCA Counter -Notification to the addresses
above. Your DMCA Counter -Notification should contain the following information:
• a subject line that says: "DMCA Counter -Notification"; and
• a description of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the
location at which the material appeared on the Software before it was removed or disabled; and
• a statement made under penalty of perjury that You have a good faith belief that the material was
removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification; and
• Your full name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and the username of Your Account;
and
• a statement that You consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district
in which Your address is located (or, if the address is located outside the U.S.A., to the jurisdiction of
the United States District Court for the District of Georgia), and that You will accept service of
process from the person who provided DMCA notification to us or an agent of such person; and
• Your physical signature or, if sent within an email (rather than in a physical document or a digital
document attached to an email), the characters "//s//" followed by Your full typed name, which will
serve as Your electronic signature.
Please note that the DMCA provides that any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that
material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to
liability.
If we receive a DMCA Counter -Notification, then we may replace the material that we removed (or
stop disabling access to it) in not less than 10 and not more than 14 business days following receipt
of the DMCA Counter- Notification. However, we will not do this if we first receive notice at the
addresses above that the party who sent us the DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice has filed a
lawsuit asking a court for an order restraining the person who provided the material from engaging in
infringing activity relating to the material on the Software.
You should also be aware that we may forward the DMCA Counter -Notification to the party who sent
us the DMCA Copyright Infringement Notice.
• Reporting Infringement of Other Intellectual Property.
If You own intellectual property other than a copyright and believe that Your intellectual property has
been infringed by an improper posting or distribution of it on the Software, then You may send Fusus
a written notice to one of the addresses set forth in Section 4.A. above that includes all of the
following:
• a subject line that says: "Intellectual Property Infringement Notice"; and
• a description of the intellectual property that You claim has been infringed, or a list of the
intellectual
• property if multiple works have been infringed; and a description of the location of the infringing
material on the Software; and
• Your full name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address; and
• a statement by You that You have a good faith belief that use of the allegedly infringing material in
the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner; and
• a statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that all the information in Your notice is
accurate, and that You are the owner (or, if You are not the owner, then Your statement must
indicate that You are authorized to act on the behalf of the owner); and,
• Your physical signature or, if sent within an email (rather than in a physical document or a digital
document attached to an email), the characters "//s//" followed by Your full typed name, which will
serve as Your electronic signature.
Fusus will act on such notices in its sole discretion. Any User of the Software that fails to respond
satisfactorily to Fusus with regard to any such notice is subject to suspension or termination. We
may send the information that You provide in Your notice to the person who provided the allegedly
infringing material.
YOUR ACCOUNT AT FUSUS.
Registration.
To access the Solution through the Software, You not only must execute a Subscription Agreement,
but also You must become a registered user of the Software by establishing an Account. The
Software's practices governing any resulting collection and use of Your personal information in Your
Account are disclosed in its Data Privacy Policy in Section 4H.
Usernames and Passwords.
If You register for any feature of the Software that requires a password and/or username, such as
the Solution, then You will select Your own password at the time of registration (or we may send You
an email notification with a randomly generated initial password) and You agree to the following:
• You will not use a username (or e-mail address) that is already being used by someone else, that
may impersonate another person, that belongs to another person, that violates the intellectual
property or other right of any person or entity, or that is offensive (FOsus may reject the use of any
password, username, or email address for any reason in our sole discretion); and
• You will provide accurate, current, and complete registration information about Yourself in
connection with the registration process and, as permitted, to maintain and update it continuously
and promptly to keep it accurate, current, and complete for as long as You use the features to which
the registration relates; and
• You are solely responsible for all activities that occur on the Software under Your Account,
password, and username, whether or not You authorize the activity (except to the extent that any
activity occurs due to unauthorized use of Your password and username by another person or
entity), and, accordingly, if You are an entity Subscriber, You are solely responsible for the actions of
all persons subject to Your control and/or supervision who access the Software and the Content
through Your subscription; and
• You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your password and for restricting
access to Your
computers, phones, pads, tablets, or other Internet Access Devices, so that unauthorized persons
may not access any password protected portion of the Software using Your name, username, or
password; and
• You will immediately notify Fusus of any unauthorized use of Your Account, password, or
username, or any other breach of security; and
• You will not sell, transfer, or assign Your Account or any Account rights.
Fusus shall have no liability for any loss or damage (of any kind and under any legal theory) to You
or any third party arising from Your inability or failure for any reason to comply with any of the
foregoing security obligations.
• Termination in the Event of Non -appropriation.
If You are a public entity and do not appropriate funds for this agreement, then this agreement and
all Your obligations terminate. A refund will be provided for any unused portion of the paid
subscription, after the 30 -day notice period through the remainder of the term.
Software Access Charges.
FOsus reserves the right, upon reasonable notice, to charge for access to some or all of the
Software, charge for access to premium functionality or Content on some or all of the Software, or
require a subscription or registration to access some or all of the Software. Fusus further retains the
right to change the terms and conditions for accessing the Software or portions of the Software; and
the right to restrict access to the Software or portions of the Software, in whole or in part, based on
any lawful eligibility requirements Fusus may elect to
impose (e.g., geographic or demographic limitations). FOsus may modify, revalue, or make the
registration free at its sole discretion without advance notice or liability.
Your Use of an Internet Access Device and Third -Party Components.
You understand and agree that Your use of any Internet Access Device and/or all third -party
hardware, software, services, telecommunication services (including Internet connectivity), or other
items used by You to access the Software ("Third -Party Components") are the sole and exclusive
responsibility of You, including all costs of Your use of such Third -Party Components, and that
Fusus has no responsibility for such third- party components, services, or Your relationships with
such third parties. You agree that You shall at all times comply with the lawful terms and conditions
of Your agreements with such third parties. FOsus does not represent or warrant that the Software
and the Content are compatible with any specific third -party hardware or software or any other Third -
Party Components. You are responsible for providing and maintaining an operating environment as
reasonably necessary to accommodate and access the Software.
Wireless Features.
The Software may offer certain features and services that are available to You via Your wireless
Internet Access Device. These features and services may include the ability to access the
Software's features and upload content to the Software, receive messages from the Software, and
download applications to Your wireless Internet Access Device (collectively, "Wireless Features").
Standard messaging, data, and other fees may be charged by Your carrier to participate in Wireless
Features. Fees and charges may appear on Your wireless bill or be deducted from
Your pre -paid balance. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain Wireless Features and certain
Wireless Features may be incompatible with Your carrier or wireless Internet Access Device. You
should check with Your carrier to find out what plans are available and how much they cost. Contact
Your carrier directly with questions regarding these issues. You understand and acknowledge that
Fusus has no responsibility or liability for Your ability or inability to access or take advantage of any
Wireless Features due to Your carrier, Your phone service plan, Your Internet Access Device, or any
other Third -Party Component.
Customer Service.
Fusus acknowledges the importance of response times for critical systems when technical issues
arise. As such, Fusus shall provide technical support during normal business hours from 9am to 5pm
ET, and via an on -call after- hours support team which is available on a 24/7/365 basis. When
technical issues arise, Subscriber may contact Fusus Technical Support via phone at: (844) 226-
9226 ext. 2 or via email at: helpdesk@Fusus.com. Fusus will make every effort in all circumstances
to respond to Subscriber technical support inquiries in a timely fashion. For after- hours support
requests, Subscriber shall notify FOsus of the priority of their request when it is submitted. The
priority shall determine the guaranteed response time as detailed below:
• Priority 1 — Technical concerns impacting a single or multiple users that require immediate
resolution during critical incidents or major events at the Customer/Organization. Fusus to return
customer's call or email within 2 hours, including holidays and weekends.
• Priority 2 — Technical concerns impacting multiple users, non-critical/major events. Fusus to return
customer's
call or email within 24 hours.
• Priority 3 — Technical concerns impacting a single user, non-critical/major events. FOsus to return
customer's
call or email within 1 business day
Data Privacy.
Fusus may collect, use, transfer, disclose and otherwise process User -generated data in the context
of facilitating communication of data with the User and/or the User's Organization through their use
of FOsusONE (web -interface) or FOsusOPS (iOS or Android interface), complying with legal
requirements, monitoring the User's use of FOsus's systems, and undertaking data analytics. User
generated digital media content saved in the Fosus system is the sole property of the User, and may
not be distributed by Fusus to any third parties outside of the User's Organization without the User's
expressed written consent.
A.You represent and warrant the following in respect of this Agreement:
1. You have the necessary authority to enter into this Agreement; and
2. If You are an individual, You are over the age of eighteen; and
3. You shall cooperate with all of the instructions, rules, and procedures that apply to Your
Fusus Account;
4. You have provided and will continue to provide true, accurate, current, and complete
Account registration information; and
5. You will respect and abide by all of Your obligations under this Agreement, and You will
perform Your obligations under this Agreement diligently; and
6. If You are an entity Subscriber, You will monitor and closely supervise all of the persons
under Your employment, including all officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, and
legal representatives who access the Software and the Content through Your subscription to
ensure their compliance with these Terms, and You understand, acknowledge, and agree
that You are entirely responsible for such compliance by all persons subject to Your control
and/or supervision; and
7 You will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to this Agreement and to the
Software and Content, include all laws regarding personal rights of privacy and publicity.
B. Expressed Warranty.
Products manufactured by Fusus are warranted to be free from defects in material and workmanship
under normal use and service. This warranty is applicable to any of Fusus's products provided as
part of the Software as a Service agreement with Subscriber, or purchased by Subscriber for use
with their subscription, that Subscriber returns to Fusus during the period of the initial term of the
agreement.
1. Real -Time Crime Center in the Cloud Subscribers (RTC3): All equipment issued as part of a
RTC3 project, including FususCORETM appliances and peripherals, are warranted for the
duration of the initial agreement and will be repaired or replaced at Fosus's cost with an
appropriate Request to Merchant (RMA) authorization.
2. Security Operations Center in the Cloud Subscribers (SOC2): All equipment issued as part of
a SOC2 project, including FosusCORETM appliances and peripherals, are warranted for one
(1) year from the original date of shipment to Subscriber or its authorized reseller. Extended
annual warranty periods purchased by Subscriber for coverage after the first year must be
purchased prior to the original shipment of hardware to be considered valid. All warrantied
hardware will be repaired or replaced at Fusus's cost with an appropriate Request to
Merchant (RMA) authorization.
Fusus's obligations, with respect to such applicable warranty returns, are limited to repair,
replacement, or refund of the purchase price actually paid for the product, at Fusus's sole option.
Fusus shall bear round-trip shipment costs of defective items found to be covered by this warranty
Defective products or parts thereof may be replaced with either new, factory refurbished, or
remanufactured parts. Defective parts, which have been replaced, shall become Fusus property.
This warranty does not extend to any product sold by Fusus which has been subjected to misuse,
neglect, accident, improper installation by a non -authorized 3rd party, or a use for purposes not
included or not in accordance with installation procedures and instructions furnished by Fusus, or
which has been repaired or altered by persons other than Fusus or which has been damaged by
secondary causes, including but not limited to, improper voltages, adverse environment conditions,
improper handling, or products which have had their serial number or any part thereof altered,
defaced, or removed.
7. Indemnification and Liability.
1. Disclaimer of Warranties. OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS
AGREEMENT, FUSUS MAKES NO, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY,
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH
RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND SOLUTION PROVIDED OR THE AVAILABILITY,
FUNCTIONALITY, PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS OF USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND
SOLUTION. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET
FORTH HEREIN, FUSUS DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE AND
SOLUTION PROVIDED BY FUSUS, OR THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE AND
SOLUTION ARE OR WILL BE ACCURATE, ERROR -FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED. FUSUS
MAKES NO, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY, IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF
FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ARISING BY USAGE OF TRADE,
COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE.
2. Fusus shall indemnify, defend and hold the Subscriber and its officials, agents and
employees harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, injuries and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), relating to or arising out of: (i) the gross
negligence or intentional misconduct of Fusus or (ii) use by Fusus of any intellectual property
in connection with the Software and Solution under these Terms of Use that infringes or
misappropriates any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret of an unaffiliated third
party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Software and/or Solution becomes the subject of
such a claim of infringement then Fusus may, at its option: (x) procure for Subscriber the
right to use the Software and/or Solution free of any liability for infringement; (y) replace or
modify the Software and/or Solution to make it non -infringing but with reasonably
comparable functionality; or (z) if Fusus determines that the previous two options are not
available on a commercially reasonable basis, grant to Subscriber a credit for the unused
portion of any prepaid access rights fees and refund any deposits paid by Subscriber for the
affected Software and Solution. Furthermore, Fusus has no liability for, and no obligation to
indemnify Subscriber against, any third party claim arising or alleging based in whole or in
part on use of the Software and Solution other than as specified in the Terms of Use or
documentation relating to the Software and Solution, including use with third party hardware
and software products not specifically authorized by Fusus.
3. Disclaimer of Consequential Damages. FUSUS HAS NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO
THE SERVICES, OR ITS OTHER OBLIGATIONS UNDER THESE TERMS OF SERVICE
OR OTHERWISE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF PROFITS AND THE
COST OF COVER) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY,
MISREPRESENTATIONS, OR ANY OTHER TORTS EVEN IF FUSUS HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
4. Limitations of Remedies and Liability. EXCEPT FOR ANY CLAIMS SUBJECT TO
INDEMNIFICATION HEREUNDER, FUSUS' TOTAL LIABILITY TO SUBSCRIBER FOR
ANY REASON AND UPON ANY CAUSE OF ACTION INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATIONS,
AND OTHER TORTS, IS LIMITED TO ALL FEES PAID TO FUSUS BY THE SUBSCRIBER
IN RESPECT OF THE SOFTWARE AND SOLUTION DURING THE THREE MONTHS
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY.
8. Insurance.
Fusus will add Customer as an additional insured under any applicable policy and, at its own cost
and expense, maintain, during the Initial Contract Period and any renewal period following the Initial
Contract Period:
(1) Commercial general liability and professional liability insurance with limits not less than
$1,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 aggregate, covering personal and advertising injury,
bodily injury and property damage, products/completed operations, and contractual liability
(2) Workers' compensation insurance or similar social insurance or government scheme in
accordance with the applicable laws; and
(3) $2,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 aggregate, cybersecurity insurance covering data
breaches and related incident response and remediation, privacy liability and regulatory action costs,
including, without limitation, cyber extortion (ransomware) and business email compromise with both
first party overage and coverage for claims by a third party that the data breach or other cyber
incident caused them damages.
9. CONFIDENTIALITY.
"Confidential Information" means nonpublic information designated as confidential or proprietary or,
given the nature of the information or circumstances surrounding disclosure, should reasonably be
understood to be confidential. All Confidential Information disclosed by either party to the other party
in tangible form shall be clearly marked with a "CONFIDENTIAL", "PROPRIETARY", "NOT FOR
DISTRIBUTION" or similar legend. If the Confidential Information cannot reasonably be marked as
required by the preceding sentence, written notice shall be given by the disclosing party to the
receiving party at the time it is disclosed that it is to be treated as Confidential Information. Each
Party will take reasonable measures to avoid disclosure, dissemination, or unauthorized use of the
other Party's Confidential Information and authorized sharing is limited to parties on a need -to -know
basis. Unless required by law, neither Party will disclose the other Party's Confidential Information
during the Term and for five (5) years thereafter. To the extent permissible by law, Fusus pricing,
network diagrams, certifications and third party audit reports, and software screenshots are
Confidential Information and competition sensitive. If Subscriber receives a public records request to
disclose Fusus Confidential Information, to the extent allowed by law, Subscriber will provide notice
to Fusus before disclosure at legal@fusus.com. Subscriber and its authorized users (including
employees, contractors, agents, officers, volunteers, and directors), may not, or may not attempt to
alter, or obscure any confidentiality or proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trademark
notices) of Fusus.
10. GENERAL PROVISIONS.
1 Governing Law. The laws of the state where customer is physically located, without
reference to conflict of law rules, govern this Agreement and any dispute arising from it. The
United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this
Agreement.
2. Severability and Interpretation. If any provision of this Agreement, is for any reason deemed
invalid, unlawful, void, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then that
provision will be deemed severable from this Agreement, and the invalidity of the provision
will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement which will
remain in full force and effect.
3. Communications. Whenever You communicate with Fusus electronically, such as via e-mail,
You consent to receive communications from Fusus electronically. Please note that, except
as set forth in the provisions of this Agreement regarding the DMCA, Fusus is obligated to
respond to inquiries that it receives.
4 Assignment. Fusus may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in
part, to any party at any time without any notice. This Agreement may not be assigned by
You, and You may not delegate Your duties under these Terms, without the prior written
consent of an officer of Fusus.
5. No Waiver. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, no failure or delay by You or
Fusus in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of
that or any other right or remedy.
6. No Partnership or Joint Venture. Neither this Agreement, nor any terms and conditions
contained herein shall be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture, franchise or
agency relationship between You and Fusus.
7. Complete Agreement.This Agreement contains Your entire understanding with Fusus with
respect to the subject matter and supersedes any and all prior oral or written proposals or
understanding.