R-26- 1) /
RESOLUTION NO. 32o
A RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING THE MAYOR AND CITY CLERK TO
ENTER INTO AN EXTENSION OF THE CONTRACT WITH FLOCK
GROUP INC. D/B/A FLOCK SAFETY FOR AN ADDITIONAL YEAR;
WAIVING FORMAL BIDDING FOR LICENSE PLATE READER
CAMERAS; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES.
WHEREAS, Ark. Code Ann, § 14-58-303(b)(2)(B) provides that the City Council by
resolution may waive the competitive bidding for purchases exceeding the amount of $42,921
where bidding is not feasible or practical, or as provided under § 14-58-104; and
WHEREAS, Flock Group Inc. d/b/a Flock Safety ("Flock Safety"), 1170 Howell Mi11
Road, Suite 210, Atlanta, Georgia 30318, is an automaton company that provides an automatic
license plate reader (LPR) system that captures vehicle attributes through use of infrastructure -free
battery and solar powered cameras; and
WHEREAS, on January 12, 2024, the City of North Little Rock (the "City") and Flock
Group Inc. d/b/a Flock Safety ("Flock Safety") entered into a License Agreement and Service
Agreement (collectively, the "Contract"), whereby Flock Safety installed license plate reader
cameras on existing poles owned and maintained by the City (see Contract attached hereto as
Exhibit A); and
WHEREAS, the Contract authorized services for a period of one year, with the option to
extend it for five additional one-year periods; and
WHEREAS, the cost of extending the Contract for an additional year is Thirty Six
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($36,000.00), and
WHEREAS, the City anticipates to purchase up to twenty (20) additional LPR cameras
over the course of the year, which must be purchased from Flock Safety (see Sole Source letter
attached hereto as Exhibit B), for a cost not to exceed Seventy Thousand and 00/100 Dollars
($70,000.00); and
WHEREAS, it is in the best interests of the City and its citizens to extend the Contract with
Flock Safety for one (1) additional year, and waive formal bidding procedures for additional LPR
cameras.
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE CITY COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF
NORTH LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS:
SECTION 1: That the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to enter into an
extension of the Contract with Flock Group Inc. d/b/a Flock Safety for the use of the system of
license plate reader (LPR) cameras installed on poles owned and maintained by the City.
1
SECTION 2: That formal bidding is hereby waived in connection with the purchase of LPR
cameras from Flock Safety in an amount not to exceed $70,000.00.
SECTION 2: That the total cost of the extension of the Contract and purchase of LPR
cameras, not exceed One Hundred Six Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($106,000.00), shall be paid
from the 2026 IT Department Budget.
SECTION 3: That this Resolution shall be in full force and effect from and after its passage
and approval.
PASSED:
Lit/6 1 /26 e)4
SPONSOR:
Mayor Terry C. artwick 4 Di. e Whitey, City erk
APPRO, ED:
Mayor TFy C. Hartwick
APPROVED AS TO FORM:
Amy B Fields, City Attorney
ATTEST:
PREPARED BY THE OFFICE OF THE CITY ATTORNEY/la
FILED A.M. — P.M
121, RE 05
DATE ' a). 3Co
Diane Whitbey, City Clerk and Collector
North Little Rock, Arkansas
RECEIVED BY
• US 5e47.)
EXHIBIT
14R.
Picas?'
THIS CONTRACT, by and between the City of North Little Rock ("City"), acting
herein through its Mayor, Terry C. I lartwick, and Flock Group. Inc. ("Contractor"), is effective
on the date signed by the City.
In consideration of the mutual covenants herein, the parties agree as follows:
(Intentionally Left Blank)
SERVICE AGREEMENT
Flock Safety
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1 DEFINITIONS
Certain capitalized terms, not otherwise defined herein, have the meanings set forth or
cross-referenced in this Section 1.
1.1 "Anonymized Data" means Customer Data permanently stripped of identifying
details and any potential personally identifiable information, by commercially available
standards which irreversibly alters data in such a way that a data subject (i.e., individual
person or entity) can no longer be identified directly or indirectly.
1.2 "Authorized End User(s)" means any individual employees, agents, or contractors of
Customer accessing or using the Services, under the rights granted to Customer
pursuant to this Agreement.
1.3 "Customer Data" means the data, media and content provided by Customer through
the Services. For the avoidance of doubt, the Customer Data will include the Footage.
1.4. "Customer Hardware" means the third -party camera owned or provided by
Customer and any other physical elements that interact with the Embedded Software
and the Web Interface to provide the Services.
1.5 "Embedded Software" means the Flock proprietary software and/or firmware
integrated with or installed on the Flock Hardware or Customer Hardware.
1.6 "Flock Hardware" means the Flock device(s), which may include the pole, clamps,
solar panel, installation components, and any other physical elements that interact with
the Embedded Software and the Web Interface, to provide the Flock Services as
specifically set forth in the applicable product addenda.
1.7 "Flock IP" means the Services, the Embedded Software, and any intellectual property
or proprietary information therein or otherwise provided to Customer and/or its
Authorized End Users. Flock IP does not include Footage (as defined below).
1.8 "Flock Network End User(s)" means any user of the Flock Services that Customer
authorizes access to or receives data from, pursuant to the licenses granted herein.
19 "Flock Services" means the provision of Flock's software and hardware situational
awareness solution, via the Web Interface, for automatic license plate detection, alerts,
audio detection, searching image records, video and sharing Footage.
Page 1 of 14
1.10 "Footage" means still images, video, audio and other data captured by the Flock
Hardware or Customer Hardware in the course of and provided via the Flock Services.
1.11 "Hotlist(s)" means a digital file containing alphanumeric license plate related
information pertaining to vehicles of interest, which may include stolen vehicles, stolen
vehicle license plates, vehicles owned or associated with wanted or missing person(s),
vehicles suspected of being involved with criminal or terrorist activities, and other
legitimate law enforcement purposes. Hotlist also includes, but is not limited to, national
data (i.e., NCIC) for similar categories, license plates associated with AMBER Alerts or
Missing Persons/Vulnerable Adult Alerts and includes manually entered license plate
information associated with crimes that have occurred in any local jurisdiction.
1.12 "Installation Services" means the services provided by Flock for installation of Flock
Services.
1.13 "Permitted Purpose" means for legitimate law enforcement purposes, including but
not limited to the awareness, prevention, and prosecution of crime, investigations,
prevention of commercial harm, to the extent permitted by law.
1.14 "Retention Period" means the time period that the Customer Data is stored within
the cloud storage, as specified in the product addenda.
1.15 "Vehicle FingerprintTM" means the unique vehicular attributes captured through
Services such as: type, make, color, state registration, missing/covered plates, bumper
stickers, decals, roof racks, and bike racks
1.16 "Web Interface" means the website(s) or application(s) through which Customer and
its Authorized End Users can access the Services
2. SERVICES AND SUPPORT
2.1 Provision of Access. Flock hereby grants to Customer a non-exclusive, non-
transferable right to access the features and functions of the Flock Services via the Web
Interface during the Term, solely for the Authorized End Users. The Footage will be
available for Authorized End Users to access and download via the Web Interface for the
data retention time defined on the Order Form ("Retention Period"). Authorized End
Users will be required to sign up for an account and select a password and username
("User ID"). Customer shall be responsible for all acts and omissions of Authorized End
Users, and any act or omission by an Authorized End User which, including any acts or
omissions of authorized End user which would constitute a breach of this agreement if
undertaken by customer. Customer shall undertake reasonable efforts to make all
Authorized End Users aware of all applicable provisions of this Agreement and shall
cause Authorized End Users to comply with such provisions. Flock may use the services
of one or more third parties to deliver any part of the flock Services, (such as using a
Page 2 of 14
third party to host the Web Interface for cloud storage or a cell phone provider for
wireless cellular coverage).
2.2 Embedded Software License. Flock grants Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-
transferable, non-sublicensable (except to the Authorized End Users), revocable right to
use the Embedded Software as it pertains to Flock Services, solely as necessary for
Customer to use the Flock Services.
23 Support Services. Flock shall monitor the Flock Services, and any applicable device
health, in order to improve performance and functionality. Flock will use commercially
reasonable efforts to respond to requests for support within seventy-two (72) hours.
Flock will provide Customer with reasonable technical and on -site support and
maintenance services in -person, via phone or by email at support@flocksafety.com (such
services collectively referred to as -Support Services").
2.4 Upgrades to Platform. Flock may make any upgrades to system or platform that it
deems necessary or useful to (i) maintain or enhance the quality or delivery of Flock's
products or services to its agencies, the competitive strength of, or market for, Flock's
products or services such platform or system's cost efficiency or performance, or (ii) to
comply with applicable law. Parties understand that such upgrades are necessary from
time to time and will not diminish the quality of the services or materially change any
terms or conditions within this Agreement.
2.5 Service Interruption. Services may be interrupted in the event that: (a) Flock's
provision of the Services to Customer or any Authorized End User is prohibited by
applicable law; (b) any third -party services required for Services are interrupted; (c) if
Flock reasonably believe Services are being used for malicious, unlawful, or otherwise
unauthorized use; (d) there is a threat or attack on any of the Flock IP by a third party; or
(e) scheduled or emergency maintenance ("Service Interruption"). Flock will make
commercially reasonable efforts to provide written notice of any Service Interruption to
Customer, to provide updates, and to resume providing access to Flock Services as soon
as reasonably possible after the event giving rise to the Service Interruption is cured.
Flock will have no liability for any damage, liabilities, losses (including any loss of data or
profits), or any other consequences that Customer or any Authorized End User may incur
as a result of a Service Interruption. To the extent that the Service Interruption is not
caused by Customer's direct actions or by the actions of parties associated with the
Customer, the time will be tolled by the duration of the Service Interruption (for any
continuous suspension lasting at least one full day). For example, in the event of a
Service Interruption lasting five (5) continuous days, Customer will receive a credit for
five (5) free days at the end of the Term.
2.6 Service Suspension. Flock may temporarily suspend Customer's and any Authorized
End User's access to any portion or all of the Flock IP or Flock Service if (a) there is a
threat or attack on any of the Flock IP by Customer; (b) Customer's or any Authorized
Page 3 of 14
End User's use of the Flock IP disrupts or poses a security risk to the Flock IP or any other
customer or vendor of Flock; (c) Customer or any Authorized End User is/are using the
Flock IP for fraudulent or illegal activities; (d) Customer has violated any term of this
provision, including, but not limited to, utilizing Flock Services for anything other than
the Permitted Purpose; or (e) any unauthorized access to Flock Services through
Customer's account ("Service Suspension"). Customer shall not be entitled to any
remedy for the Service Suspension period, including any reimbursement, tolling, or
credit. If the Service Suspension was not caused by Customer, the Term will be tolled by
the duration of the Service Suspension.
2.7 Hazardous Conditions. Flock Services do not contemplate hazardous materials, or
other hazardous conditions, including, without limit, asbestos, lead, toxic or flammable
substances. In the event any such hazardous materials are discovered in the designated
locations in which Flock is to perform services under this Agreement, Flock shall have the
right to cease work immediately.
3. CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS
3.1 Customer Obligations. Flock will assist Customer Authorized End Users in the creation
of a User ID. Authorized End Users agree to provide Flock with accurate, complete, and
updated registration information. Authorized End Users may not select as their User ID, a
name that they do not have the right to use, or any other name with the intent of
impersonation. Customer and Authorized End Users may not transfer their account to
anyone else without prior written permission of Flock. Authorized End Users shall not
share their account username or password information and must protect the security of
the username and password. Unless otherwise stated and defined in this Agreement,
Customer shall not designate Authorized End Users for persons who are not officers,
employees, or agents of Customer. Authorized End Users shall only use Customer -issued
email addresses for the creation of their User ID. Customer is responsible for any
Authorized End User activity associated with its account Customer shall ensure that
Customer provides Flock with up to date contact information at all times during the
Term of this agreement. Customer shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining
any equipment and ancillary services needed to connect to, access or otherwise use the
Flock Services. Customer shall (at its own expense) provide Flock with reasonable access
and use of Customer facilities and Customer personnel in order to enable Flock to
perform Services (such obligations of Customer are collectively defined as "Customer
Obligations").
3.2 Customer Representations and Warranties. Customer represents, covenants, and
warrants that Customer shall use Flock Services only in compliance with this Agreement
and all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to any laws relating to
the recording or sharing of data, video, photo, or audio content.
Page 4 of 14
4. DATA USE AND LICENSING
4.1 Customer Data. As between Flock and Customer, all right, title and interest in the
Customer Data, belong to and are retained solely by Customer. Customer hereby grants
to Flock a limited, non-exclusive, royalty free, irrevocable, worldwide license to use the
Customer Data and perform all acts as may be necessary for Flock to provide the Flock
Services to Customer. Flock does not own and shall not sell Customer Data.
4.2 Customer Generated Data. Flock may provide Customer with the opportunity to post,
upload, display, publish, distribute, transmit, broadcast, or otherwise make available,
messages, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments, sounds, music,
videos, information, content, ratings, reviews, data, questions, suggestions, or other
information or materials produced by Customer ("Customer Generated Data"). Customer
shall retain whatever legally cognizable right, title, and interest in Customer Generated
Data. Customer understands and acknowledges that Flock has no obligation to monitor
or enforce Customer's intellectual property rights of Customer Generated Data.
Customer grants Flock a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty -free, license to
use the Customer Generated Data for the purpose of providing Flock Services. Flock
does not own and shall not sell Custome► Generated Data.
4.3 Anonymized Data. Flock shall have the right to collect, analyze, and anonymize
Customer Data and Customer Generated Data to the extent such anonymization renders
the data non -identifiable to create Anonymized Data to use and perform the Services
and related systems and technologies, including the training of machine learning
algorithms. Customer hereby grants Flock a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty -
free right to use and distribute such Anonymized Data to improve and enhance the
Services and for other development, diagnostic and corrective purposes, and other Flock
offerings. Parties understand that the aforementioned license is required for continuity of
Services. Flock does not own and shall not sell Anonymized Data.
5. CONFIDENTIALITY; DISCLOSURES
5.1 Confidentiality. To the extent required by any applicable public records requests,
each Party (the "Receiving Party") understands that the other Party (the "Disclosing
Party") has disclosed or may disclose business, technical or financial information relating
to the Disclosing Party's business (hereinafter referred to as "Proprietary Information" of
the Disclosing Party), Proprietary Information includes non-public information provided
by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party regarding features, functionality, and
performance of this Agreement The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take the same security
precautions to protect against disclosure or unauthorized use of such Proprietary
Information that the Party takes with its own proprietary information, but in no event less
than commercially reasonable precautions, and (ii) not to use (except in performance of
the Services or as otherwise permitted herein) or divulge to any third person any such
Proprietary Information. The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply
Page 5 of 14
with respect to any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes
generally available to the public, or (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to
receipt from the Disclosing Party; or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction
by a third party; or (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary
Information of the Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement will prevent the Receiving
Party from disclosing the Proprietary Information pursuant to any judicial or
governmental order, provided that the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party
reasonable prior notice of such disclosure to contest such order. At the termination of
this Agreement, all Proprietary Information will be returned to the Disclosing Party,
destroyed or erased (if recorded on an erasable storage medium), together with any
copies thereof, when no longer needed for the purposes above, or upon request from
the Disclosing Party, and in any case upon termination of the Agreement.
Notwithstanding any termination, all confidentiality obligations of Proprietary
Information that is trade secret shall continue in perpetuity or until such information is
no longer trade secret.
5.2 Usage Restrictions on Flock IP. Flock and its licensors retain all right, title and interest
in and to the Flock IP and its components, and Customer acknowledges that it neither
owns nor acquires any additional rights in and to the foregoing not expressly granted by
this Agreement. Customer further acknowledges that Flock retains the right to use the
foregoing for any purpose in Flock's sole discretion. Customer and Authorized End Users
shall not: (i) copy or duplicate any of the Flock IP; (ii) decompile, disassemble, reverse
engineer, or otherwise attempt to obtain or perceive the source code from which any
software component of any of the Flock IP is compiled or interpreted, or apply any other
process or procedure to derive the source code of any software included in the Flock IP;
(iii) attempt to modify, alter, tamper with or repair any of the Flock IP, or attempt to
create any derivative product from any of the foregoing; (iv) interfere or attempt to
interfere in any manner with the functionality or proper working of any of the Flock IP; (v)
remove, obscure, or alter any notice of any intellectual property or proprietary right
appearing on or contained within the Flock Services or Flock IP; (vi) use the Flock
Services for anything other than the Permitted Purpose; or (vii) assign, sublicense, sell,
resell, lease, rent, or otherwise transfer, convey, pledge as security, or otherwise
encumber, Customer's rights. There are no implied rights.
5.3 Disclosure of Footage. Subject to and during the Retention Period, Flock may access,
use, preserve and/or disclose the Footage to law enforcement authorities, government
officials, and/or third parties, if legally required to do so or if Flock has a good faith belief
that such access, use, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a
legal process, enforce this Agreement, or detect, prevent or otherwise address security,
privacy, fraud or technical issues, or emergency situations.
Page 6 of 14
Agreement prior to the end of the Term by giving thirty (30) days prior written notice to
the breaching Party; provided, however, that this Agreement will not terminate if the
breaching Party has cured the breach prior to the expiration of such thirty (30) day
period ("Cure Period"). Either Party may terminate this Agreement (i) upon the institution
by or against the other Party of insolvency, receivership or bankruptcy proceedings, (ii)
upon the other Party's making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iii) upon non -
appropriation of funds sufficient to allow the Customer to either meet its obligations
under this Contract or to operate as required or a change of law promulgated that
materially or adversely affects the Customer's ability to fulfill any of its obligations under
this Agreement, or (iv) upon the other Party's dissolution or ceasing to do business. A
termination under 7.2(iii) will be without penalty. In the event of a material breach by
Flock, and Flock is unable to cure within the Cure Period, Flock will refund Customer a
pro -rata portion of the pre -paid fees for Services not received due to such termination.
7.3 Survival. The following Sections will survive termination: 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8.3, 8.4, 9, 10.1
and 11.6.
8. REMEDY FOR DEFECT; WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER
8.1 Manufacturer Defect. Upon a malfunction or failure of Hock Hardware or Embedded
Software (a "Defect"), Customer must notify Flocks technical support team. In the event
of a Defect, Flock shall make a commercially reasonable attempt to repair or replace the
defective Flock Hardware at no additional cost to the Customer. Flock reserves the right.
in its sole discretion, to repair or replace such Defect, provided that Flock shall conduct
inspection or testing within a commercially reasonable time, but no longer than seven 7)
business days after Customer gives notice to Flock.
8.2 Replacements. In the event that Flock Hardware is lost, stolen, or damaged, Customer
may request a replacement of Flock Hardware at a fee according to the reinstall fee
schedule (https://www.flocksafety.com/reinstall-fee-schedule). In the event that
Customer chooses not to replace lost, damaged, or stolen Flock Hardware, Customer
understands and agrees that (1) Flock Services will be materially affected, and (2) that
Flock shall have no liability to Customer regarding such affected Flock Services, nor shall
Customer receive a refund for the lost, damaged, or stolen Flock Hardware.
8.3 Warranty. Flock shall use reasonable efforts consistent with prevailing industry
standards to maintain the Services in a manner which minimizes errors and interruptions
in the Services and shall perform the Installation Services in a professional and
workmanlike manner Services may be temporarily unavailable for scheduled
maintenance or for unscheduled emergency maintenance, either by Flock or by third -
party providers, or because of other causes beyond Flock's reasonable control, but Flock
shall use reasonable efforts to provide advance notice in writing or by e-mail of any
scheduled service disruption.
Page 8 of 14
8.4 Disclaimer. THE REMEDY DESCRIBED IN SECTION 8.1 ABOVE IS CUSTOMER'S SOLE
REMEDY, AND FLOCK'S SOLE LIABILITY, WITH RESPECT TO DEFECTS. FLOCK DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES
IT MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF
THE SERVICES. EXCEPT FOR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE„ THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND FLOCK
DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, NON -INFRINGEMENT. THIS DISCLAIMER ONLY APPLIES TO THE EXTENT
ALLOWED BY THE GOVERNING LAW OF THE STATE MENTIONED IN SECTION 11.6.
8.5 Insurance. Flock will maintain commercial general liability policies in accordance with
Section 7 of the License Agreement.
8.6 Force Majeure. Parties are not responsible or liable for any delays or failures in
performance from any cause beyond their control, including, but not limited to acts of
God, changes to law or regulations, embargoes, war, terrorist acts, pandemics (including
the spread of variants), issues of national security, acts or omissions of third -party
technology providers, riots, fires, earthquakes, floods, power blackouts, strikes, supply
chain shortages of equipment or supplies, financial institution crisis, weather conditions
or acts of hackers, internet service providers or any other third party acts or omissions.
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; INDEMNITY
9.1 Limitation of Liability. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, FLOCK,
ITS OFFICERS, AFFILIATES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONTRACTORS AND EMPLOYEES SHALL
NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
'AGREEMENT OR TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATED THERETO UNDER ANY,
NEGLIGENCE, , OR THEORY;(A) FOR LOSS OF REVENUE, BUSINESS OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION; (B) INCOMPLETE, CORRUPT, OR INACCURATE DATA; (C) COST OF
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNLOGY; (D) FOR ANY
INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (E) FOR
ANY MATTER BEYOND FLOCK'S ACTUAL KNOWLEDGE OR REASONABLE CONTROL
INCLUDING REPEAT CRIMINAL ACTIVITY OR INABILITY TO CAPTURE FOOTAGE; OR (F)
FOR ANY AMOUNTS THAT TOGETHER WITH AMOUNTS THAT, TOGETHER WITH
AMOUNTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL OTHER CLAIMS, EXCEED THE FEES PAID AND/OR
PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER TO FLOCK FOR THE SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE
TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACT OR OMISSION THAT GAVE RISE TO THE
LIABILITY, IN EACH CASE, UNLESS FLOCK HAS ACTUAL KNOWLEDGE OR REASONABLE
CONTROL OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR
UNLESS SUCH DAMAGES AGAINST FLOCK ARE COVERED BY INSURANCE. THIS
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF SECTION ONLY APPLIES TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY THE
GOVERNING LAW OF THE STATE REFERENCED IN SECTION 11.6. NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT
APPLY (I) IN THE EVENT OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, (ii) CLAIMS
Page 9 of 14
OF THIRD PARTIES AGAINST CUSTOMER, (iii) CLAIMS BY CUSTOMER FOR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AGAINST FLOCK THAT ARE COVERED BY INSURANCE OR
ARISE FROM DEFECTIVE EQUIPMENT, OR (iv) INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS.
9.2 Responsibility. Each Party to this Agreement shall assume the responsibility and
liability for the acts and omissions of its own employees, officers, or agents, in
connection with the performance of their official duties under this Agreement. Each Party
to this Agreement shall be liable for the torts of its own officers, agents, or employees.
9.3 Flock Indemnity. Flock shall indemnify and hold harmless Customer, its agents and
employees, from liability of any kind, including claims, costs (including defense) and
expenses, on account of: (i) any copyrighted material, patented or unpatented invention,
articles, device or appliance manufactured or used in the performance of this Agreement;
or (ii) any damage or injury to property or person directly caused by Flock's installation
of Flock Hardware, except for where such damage or injury was caused solely by the
negligence of the Customer or its agents, officers or employees. Flock's performance of
this indemnity obligation shall not exceed the fees paid and/or payable for the services
rendered under this Agreement in the preceding twelve (12) months, unless indemnity
obligations are covered by insurance.
10. INSTALLATION SERVICES AND OBLIGATIONS
10.1 Ownership of Hardware. Flock Hardware is owned and shall remain the exclusive
property of Flock. Title to any Flock Hardware shall not pass to Customer upon execution
of this Agreement, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement. Except as
otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, Customer is not permitted to remove,
reposition, re -install, tamper with, alter, adjust or otherwise take possession or control of
Flock Hardware. Customer agrees and understands that in the event Customer is found
to engage in any of the foregoing restricted actions, all warranties herein shall be null
and void, and this Agreement shall be subject to immediate termination for material
breach by Customer. Customer shall not perform any acts which would interfere with the
retention of title of the Flock Hardware by Flock. Should Customer default on any
payment of the Flock Services, Flock may remove Flock Hardware at Flock's discretion.
Such removal, if made by Flock, shall not be deemed a waiver of Flock's rights to any
damages Flock may sustain as a result of Customer's default and Flock shall have the
right to enforce any other legal remedy or right.
10.2 Deployment Plan. Flock shall advise Customer on the location and positioning of the
Flock Hardware for optimal product functionality, as conditions and locations allow, Flock
will collaborate with Customer to design the strategic geographic mapping of the
location(s) and implementation of Flock Hardware to create a deployment plan
("Deployment Plan'). In the event that Flock determines that Flock Hardware will not
achieve optimal functionality at a designated location, Flock shall have final discretion to
veto a specific location and will provide alternative options to Customer
Page 10 of 14
10.3 Changes to Deployment Plan. After installation of Flock Hardware, any subsequent
requested changes to the Deployment Plan, including, but not limited to, relocating, re-
positioning, adjusting of the mounting, removing foliage, replacement, changes to
heights of poles will incur a fee according to the reinstall fee schedule located at
(https://www.flocksafetycom/reinstall-fee-schedule). Customer will receive prior notice
and confirm approval of any such fees.
10.4 Customer Installation Obligations. Customer is responsible for any applicable
supplementary cost as described in the Customer Implementation Guide. ("Customer
Obligations"). Customer represents and warrants that it has, or shall lawfully obtain, all
necessary right title and authority and hereby authorizes Flock to install the Flock
Hardware at the designated locations and to make any necessary inspections or
maintenance in connection with such installation.
10.5 Flock's Obligations. Installation of any Flock Hardware shall be installed in a
professional manner within a commercially reasonable time from the Effective Date of
this Agreement Upon removal of Flock Hardware, Flock shall restore the location to its
original condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. Flock will continue to monitor the
performance of Flock Hardware for the length of the Term. Flock may use a
subcontractor or third party to perform certain obligations under this agreement,
provided that Flock's use of such subcontractor or third party shall not release Flock
from any duty or liability to fulfill Flock's obligations under this Agreement.
11, MISCELLANEOUS
1 1.1 Compliance with Laws. Parties shall comply with all applicable local, state and
federal laws, regulations, policies and ordinances and their associated record retention
schedules, including responding to any subpoena request(s).
11.2 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or
invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so
that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect
11.3 Assignment This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by
either Party, without prior consent Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may
assign this Agreement, without the other Party's consent, (i) to any parent, subsidiary, or
affiliate entity, or (ii) to any purchaser of all or substantially ail of such Party's assets or to
any successor by way of merger, consolidation or similar transaction.
11.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Order Form(s), the reinstall fee
schedule (https://www flocksafety.com/reinstall-fee-schedule), and any attached exhibits
are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and
supersedes and cancels all previous or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or
agreements, whether written and oral , communications and other unde►standings
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all waivers and modifications
Page 11 of 14
must be in a writing signed by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. None
of Customer's purchase orders, authorizations or similar documents will alter the terms
of this Agreement, and any such conflicting terms are expressly rejected. Any mutually
agreed upon purchase order is subject to these terms. In the event of any conflict of
terms found in this Agreement or any other terms and conditions, the terms of this
Agreement shall prevail. Customer agrees that Customer's purchase is neither
contingent upon the delivery of any future functionality or features nor dependent upon
any oral or written comments made by Flock with respect to future functionality or
feature.
11.5 Relationship. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a
result of this Agreement and Parties do not have any authority of any kind to bind each
other in any respect whatsoever. Flock shall at all times be and act as an independent
contractor to Customer.
11.6 Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state in
which the Customer is located. The Parties hereto agree that venue is proper in the
chosen courts of the State of which the Customer is located. The Parties agree that the
United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods is excluded in Its entirety
from this Agreement.
11.7 Special Terms. Flock may offer certain special terms which are indicated In the
proposal and will become part of this Agreement, upon Customer's prior written consent
and the mutual execution by authorized representatives ("Special Terms"). To the extent
that any terms of this Agreement are inconsistent or conflict with the Special Terms, the
Special Terms shall control.
11.8 Publicity. Flock has the right to reference and use Customer's name and trademarks
and disclose the nature of the Services in business and development and marketing
efforts.
11.9 Feedback If Customer or Authorized End User provides any suggestions, ideas,
enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information relating to the
subject matter hereunder, Customer or Authorized End User hereby assigns to Flock all
right, title and interest (including intellectual property rights) with respect to or resulting
from any of the foregoing.
11.10 Export. Customer may not remove or export from the United States or allow the
export or re-export of the Flock IP or anything related thereto, or any direct product
thereof in violation of any restrictions, laws or regulations of the United States
Department of Commerce, the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign
Assets Control, or any other United States or foreign Customer or authority. As defined
in Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR"), section 2.101, the Services, the Flock Hardware
and Documentation are "commercial items" and according to the Department of
Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation ("DFAR") section 252.2277014(a)(1) and are
Page 12 of 14
deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software
documentation." Flock is compliant with FAR Section 889 and does not contract or do
business with, use any equipment, system, or service that uses the enumerated banned
Chinese telecommunication companies, equipment or services as a substantial or
essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any Flock system.
Consistent with DFAR section 227.7202 and FAR section 12.212, any use, modification,
reproduction, release, performance, display, or disclosure of such commercial software or
commercial software documentation by the U.S. Government will be governed solely by
the terms of this Agreement and will be prohibited except to the extent expressly
permitted by the terms of this Agreement.
11.11 Headings. The headings are merely for organization and should not be construed
as adding meaning to the Agreement or interpreting the associated sections.
11.12 Authority. Each of the below signers of this Agreement represent that they
understand this Agreement and have the authority to sign on behalf of and bind the
Parties they are representing.
11,13 Conflict. In the event there is a conflict between this Agreement and any applicable
statement of work, or Customer purchase order, this Agreement controls unless explicitly
stated otherwise.
11.14 Morality. In the event Customer or its agents become the subject of an indictment,
contempt, scandal, crime of moral turpitude or similar event that would negatively
impact or tarnish Flock's reputation. Flock shall have the option to terminate this
Agreement upon prior written notice to Customer.
11.15 Notices. All notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to
have been duly given when received, if personally delivered; when receipt is
electronically confirmed, if transmitted by email; the day after it is sent, if sent for next
day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service, and upon receipt, if sent by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. All notices will be provided to the
email or mailing address listed in the Order Form.
11.16 Non -Appropriation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all
obligations of the Customer under this Agreement which require the expenditure of
funds are conditioned on the availability of funds appropriated for that purpose.
Customer shall have the right to terminate this Agreement for non appropriation with
thirty (30) days written notice without penalty or other cost.
These Terms and Conditions are subject to change, upon agreement of both parties.
Page 13 of i4
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, he parties hereto have set their hands, and is
effective on date first above written.
CITY OF NORTH LIULF ROCK FLOCK GROUP, INC
8Y: BY:
Terry C. Hartwick, Mayor
Date Date
ATTEST:
Diane Whitbey, City Clerk
Date
Approved as to Form:
CITY OF NORTH LITTLE ROCK
Amy Beckman Fields
City Attorney
BY:
Deputy City Attorney
Date
Page 14 of 14
Mark Smith, Legal Counsel
frock safety
2025 Sole Source Letter for Flock Safety® Public Safety Solutions
December 22, 2025
AR - North Little Rock
200 West Pershing Blvd
North Little Rock, AR, 72114
Dear John Barber,
This letter serves to confirm that Flock Group Inc. d/b/a Flock Safety is the sole provider of our
proprietary public safety technology solution specifically designed for use by law enforcement,
communities, and private entities to increase safety and reduce crime. Flock Safety's unique
system integrates hardware and cloud -based software to enable real-time data processing
and secure data sharing capabilities that are unavailable through other providers.
As the sole developer and provider of this proprietary technology, Flock Safety retains
exclusive rights to manufacture, license, and support the products and software we offer. Our
solutions include cutting -edge features such as machine learning analytics, CJIS-compliant
data storage, and a centralized system that facilitates collaboration across multiple
jurisdictions, supporting a more robust and efficient public safety network. Specifically, Flock
Safety provides the ability to access additional cameras from Flock customers, including: Little
Rock PD, Pulaski Co SO, Hot Springs PD, Sherwood PD, Jacksonville PD, Benton PD, at no
additional cost.
No other vendor offers the specific combination of hardware and cloud -based features, CJIS-
compliant data handling, or the national network capabilities that Flock Safety provides. For
these reasons, Flock Safety is the only source available for these services.
Thank you,
Garrett Langley CEO, Flock Safety®
1170 Howell Mill Rd. NW Suite 210, Atlanta, GA 30318
f ock safety
Flock Safety® LPR Cameras (Patent No. US 10,795,933 B1)
Flock Safety® is the sole manufacturer. developer. and distributor of Flock Safety® LPR
Camera, Flock Safety® Long -Range LPR, Flock Safety® Short -Range LPR, Flock Safety®
Flex LPR Camera, Flock Safety® LPR Camera for Neighborhoods, and Flock Safety® LPR
Video Integration.
Flock Safety® LPR Camera
• Fixed. infrastructure -free license plate recognition ("LPR") cameras suitable for
capturing two (2+) lanes of traffic simultaneously with a single camera from a vertical
mass
• Includes Flock Safety® solar LPR camera option (next-gen platform standard range),
which may cover up to three (3) lanes of traffic simultaneously
Flock Safety® Long -Range LPR
• Fixed, infrastructure -free long-range ("LR") LPR, suitable for capturing three (3+) lanes
of traffic simultaneously with a single camera from a vertical mass
• Includes Flock Safety® solar LR LPR option (next-gen platform LR)
Flock Safety® Short -Range LPR
• Fixed. infrastructure -free short-range ("SR") LPR with solar power capability. suitable
for wide angle capture (i.e., parking lots or garages)
Flock Safety® Flex LPR Camera
• Location -flexible, infrastructure -free self -installation LPR camera with solar power
option
• Ties seamlessly into the Flock Safety® ecosystem with a small and lightweight camera
• Ability to read up to 30,000 license plates and vehicle attributes on a single battery
charge
Flock Safety® LPR Camera for Neighborhoods
• Infrastructure- and maintenance -free LPR for 24/7 neighborhood security
Flock Safety® LPR Video Integration
• Integrates third -party LPR and video cameras into FlockOS® utilizing existing camera
infrastructures
The Flock Safety® LPR cameras listed above are the only Law Enforcement Grade LPR
cameras to offer the following combination of proprietary features:
• Vehicle Fingerprint Technology®
Patented proprietary machine vision to analyze vehicle license plate, state
recognition, and vehicle attributes such as color, type, make and objects (roof
rack, bumper stickers, etc.) based on image analytics (not car registration data)
Machine vision to capture and identify characteristics of vehicles with a paper
license plate and vehicles with the absence of a license plate
Ability to "Save Search" based on description of vehicles using Flock's patented
Vehicle Fingerprint Technology® without the need for a license plate, and set
1170 Howell Mill Rd NW Suite 210, Atanta. GA 30318
frock safety
up alerts based on vehicle description
o Only LPR provider with "Visual Search," which can transform digital images
from any source into an investigative lead by finding matching vehicles based
on the vehicle attributes in the uploaded photo
• Integrated Cloud -Software & Hardware Platform
o Best in class ability to capture and process up to 30,000 vehicles per day with a
single camera powered exclusively by solar power
o Wireless deployment of solar powered license plate reading cameras with
integrated cellular communication weighing less than 5lbs and able to be
powered solely by a solar panel of 65W or less
o Web based footage retrieval tool with filtering capabilities such as vehicle color,
vehicle type, vehicle manufacturer, partial or full license plate, state of license
plate, and object detection
o Utilizes motion trigger to start and stop recording without the need for a
reflective plate
o Motion detection allows for unique vehicle cases such as bicycle capture, ATV,
motorcycle, etc.
o On device machine processing to limit LTE bandwidth consumption
o All images and metadata is encrypted throughout its entire Iifecycle from on -
device to storage in Flock's US -based CJIS-compliant cloud
o Covert industrial design for minimizing visual pollution
• Transparency & Ethical Product Design
o One -of -a -kind "Transparency Portal," a public -facing dashboard that details the
customer's policies, as well as automatically updates metrics from the Flock
Safety system
o Built-in integration with National Center for Missing & Exploited Children
(°'NCMEC") to receive AMBER Alerts to find missing children
o Privacy controls to enable certain vehicles to "opt -out" of being captured
• Integrated Audio Detection
o Ability to pair with Flock Safety® audio detection device, which has natively
integrated audio detection capabilities utilizing machine learning to recognize
audio signatures typical of crimes in progress (e.g., audios)
• Live Video Integration
o Ability to apply computer vision to third -party cameras using the Flock Safety@
LPR video integration, transforming them into evidence capture devices using
the same Vehicle Fingerprint® technology offered on the Flock. Safety@ LPR
cameras
o Flock Safety@ video integration Iivestream integrates live stream traffic
cameras, publicly or privately owned Iivestream security cameras into one
cloud -based situational awareness dashboard to increase response time in
mission -critical incidents
o Manage various government intelligence including LPR, Iivestream cameras,
computer -aided dispatch ("CAD"), automatic vehicle location ("AVL") on Flock
Safety® video integration suite
1170 Howell Mill Rd. NW Suite 210, Atlanta, GA 30318
flock safety
• Situational Awareness
o FlockOS® is the world's first and only public safety operating system
compatible with Flock Safety® LPR video cameras, including live streaming
fixed and pan -tilt -zoom ("PTZ') video cameras, and the Flock Safety® audio
detection device, while seamlessly integrating first and third -party data across
video, LPR, and audio to deliver real-time intelligence and retroactive crime
solving in a single -pane real-time crime center
o Ability to enhance situational awareness capacity by layering all intelligence
streams onto the FlockOS® ESRI-based map
o FlockOSi3 features Flock Safety® unique Real -Time Routing feature that
analyzes various data sources to determine where a suspect vehicle has been
and its direction of travel, providing users with possible outcomes based on a
confidence threshold
• Warranty & Service
o Lifetime maintenance and support included in subscription price
o Flock Safety® is the only fully integrated LPR one -stop solution from production
of the devices to delivery and installation
o Performance monitoring software to predict potential failures, obstructions, tilts,
and other critical or minor issues
• Partnerships
o Flock Safety is the only LPR provider to officially partner with Prepared911 to
distribute 911 call audio and transcripts to law enforcement agencies
o Through FlockOS®, Flock Safety® is the only LPR provider to officially partner
with FirstTwo to enable clicking anywhere on a display map to display the
relevant information from FirstTwo
o Access to additional cameras purchased by Flock's HOA and private business
partners, means an ever-increasing amount of cameras and data at no
additional cost
1170 Howell Mill Rd NW Suite 210. Atlanta, GA 30318
flock safety
Flock Safety® Video Cameras
Flock Safety® is the sole manufacturer, developer, and distributor of the Flock Safety® video
cameras and Flock Safety® video integration.
Flock Safety® Fixed Video Camera
• Fixed, live, and record video ideal for building exteriors and city streets
• Available with AC or solar power
• Subscription -based live and recorded video solution, including hardware, cellular,
installation, ongoing maintenance, and a cloud -based video management system,
which allows officers to remotely view instant replay of downloadable live on -scene
video with pan -tilt -zoom ("PTZ") controls and 25X optical zoom without the need for
additional camera network set-up, installation, or up -keep
• Improves safety with live and recorded video for enhanced situational awareness and
case clearance
Flock Safety! PTZ Video Camera
• Live and recorded video with remote PTZ controls ideal for open areas such as
intersections or parks
• Subscription -based live and recorded video solution, including hardware, cellular,
installation, ongoing maintenance, and a cloud -based video management system,
which allows officers to remotely view instant replay of downloadable live on -scene
video with PTZ controls and 25X optical zoom without the need for additional camera
network set-up, installation, or up -keep
• Improves safety with live and recorded video for enhanced situational awareness and
case clearance
Flock Safety® Video Integration
• Allows customers to easily integrate video cameras into FlockOS® for a seamless
workflow
• Ability to apply computer vision to third -party cameras, transforming them into evidence
capture devices using the same Vehicle Fingerprint® technology offered on the Flock
Safety® LPR cameras
• Flock Safety® video integration livestream integrates live stream traffic cameras,
publicly or privately owned livestream security cameras into one cloud -based
situational awareness dashboard to increase response time in mission -critical
incidents
• Manage various government intelligence, including LPR and livestream cameras, on
Flock Safety® video integration suite
• Ability to access live and recorded video using Flock Safety® video cameras
The Flock Safety® video cameras listed above are the only Law Enforcement Grade
video cameras to offer the following combination of proprietary features:
• Vehicle Fingerprint Technology® (Patent No. US 10,795,933 B1)
a Patented proprietary machine vision to analyze vehicle license plate, state
recognition, and vehicle attributes such as color, type, make and objects (roof
rack, bumper stickers, etc.) based on image analytics (not car registration data)
1170 Howell Mill Rd. NW Suite 210, Atlanta, GA 30318
frock safety
o Machine vision to capture and identify characteristics of vehicles with a paper
license plate and vehicles with the absence of a license plate
o Ability to "Save Search" based on description of vehicles using Flock's patented
Vehicle Fingerprint Technology® without the need for a license plate, and set
up alerts based on vehicle description
o Only LPR provider with "Visual Search," which can transform digital images
from any source into an investigative lead by finding matching vehicles based
on the vehicle attributes in the uploaded photo
• Integrated Cloud -Software & Hardware Platform
a Best in class ability to capture and process up to 30,000 vehicles per day with a
single device powered exclusively by solar power
o Wireless deployment of solar powered license plate reading cameras with
integrated cellular communication weighing less than 5lbs and able to be
powered solely by a solar panel of 60W or less
o Web based footage retrieval tool with filtering capabilities such as vehicle color,
vehicle type, vehicle manufacturer, partial or full license plate, state of license
plate, and object detection
o Utilizes motion capture to start and stop recording without the need for a
reflective plate
o Motion detection allows for unique cases such as bicycle capture, ATV,
motorcycle, etc.
o On device machine processing to limit LTE bandwidth consumption
o All images and metadata is encrypted throughout its entire lifecycle from on -
device to storage in Flock's US -based CJIS-compliant cloud
o Covert industrial design for minimizing visual pollution
• Transparency & Ethical Product Design
o One -of -a -kind "Transparency Portal," a public -facing dashboard that details the
policies in place by the purchaser, as well as automatically updated metrics
from the Flock Safety® system
o Built-in integration with National Center for Missing & Exploited Children
("NCMEC") to receive AMBER Alerts to find missing children
o Privacy controls to enable certain vehicles to "opt -out" of being captured
• Integrated Audio Detection
o Ability to pair with Flock Safety audio detection device, which has natively
integrated audio detection capabilities utilizing machine learning to recognize
audio signatures typical of crimes in progress (e.g., gunshots)
• Live Video Integration
o Ability to apply computer vision to third -party cameras using the Flock Safety®
LPR video integration, transforming them into evidence capture devices using
the same Vehicle Fingerprint® technology offered on the Flock Safety® LPR
cameras
o Flock SafetyiD video integration livestream integrates live stream traffic
cameras, publicly or privately owned livestream security cameras into one
cloud -based situational awareness dashboard to increase response time in
mission -critical incidents
1170 Howell Mill Rd. NW • Suite 210, Atlanta, GA 30318
frock safety
o Manage various government intelligence including LPR, livestream cameras,
CAD, automatic vehicle location ("AVL") on Flock Safety® video integration
suite
o Ability to access live and recorded video using Flock Safety® video cameras, a
subscription video solution which allows officers to remotely view instant replay
of downloadable live on -scene video with PTZ controls and 25X optical zoom
without the need for additional camera network set-up, installation, or up -keep.
• Situational Awareness
o FlockOS® is the world's first and only public safety operating system
compatible with Flock Safety® LPR video cameras, including Flock Safety® live
streaming fixed video cameras and PTZ video cameras, and the Flock Safety®
audio detection device, while seamlessly integrating first and third -party data
across video, LPR, and audio to deliver real-time intelligence and retroactive
crime solving in a single -pane real-time crime center
o Ability to enhance situational awareness capacity by layering all intelligence
streams onto the FlockOS® ESRI-based map
o FlockOS® features Flock Safety® unique Real -Time Routing feature that
analyzes various data sources to determine where a suspect vehicle has been
and its' direction of travel providing users with possible outcomes based on a
confidence threshold
• Warranty & Service
o Lifetime maintenance and support included in subscription price
o Flock Safety is the only fully integrated LPR one -stop solution from production
of the device to delivery and installation
o Performance monitoring software to predict potential failures, obstructions, tilts,
and other critical or minor issues
• Partnerships
o Flock Safety® is the only LPR provider to officially partner with Prepared911 to
distribute 911 call audio and transcripts to law enforcement agencies
o Through FlockOS, Flock Safety® is the only LPR provider to officially partner
with FirstTwo to enable clicking anywhere on a display map to display the
relevant information from FirstTwo
o Access to additional cameras purchased by Flock's HOA and private business
partners, means an ever-increasing amount of cameras and data at no
additional cost
o Flock Safety® is the only LPR provider to officially partner with Wanco, Inc. to
offer the Flock Safety's Mobile Security Trailer, an infrastructure -free solution
designed to provide a movable public safety presence.
o The Flock Safety Mobile Security Trailer combines:
• Two (2) PTZ video cameras that are equipped with remote controls for
live and recorded video
• One (1) multi -sensor 360 panoramic camera that offers situational
awareness with live views from four different angles for comprehensive
coverage
• Flashing Blue Lights that provides a clear signal that law enforcement is
monitoring the area, acting as a visual crime deterrent
1170 Howell Mill Rd. NW • Suite 210, Atlanta, GA 30318
f0ock safety
• Integration with the FlockOS platform, centralizing live monitoring,
evidence capture, and case management across all locations
• Optional feature: Can include LPR functionality, which is compatible
with the FlockOS platform
■ 24/7 real-time alerts, notifying law enforcement of incidents and allowing
for customizable monitoring during off -hours using advanced AI for
human and vehicle detection
1170 Howell Mill Rd NW Suite 210, Atlanta, GA 30318